# Remember Me

Remember me allows applications to offer users some convenience by keeping a session open and requiring less logins. We will use a Json Web Token cookies in a refresh + access token authentication flow. This can be implemented in in our application's authentication using the [Session Authenticator](../../../../auth/session) module. 

We start off by adding the controller and the controller's client to our vweb app as we did with Email Authenticator.

```

```


## Keeping User Data

Now that we have a web app with authentication and session persistence, we might want to have some functionality which allows users to create and manipulate data. For instance we could have our authenticated user also have a username and display it in their profile. Here, we reach the end of what we can do with session cookies. Yes we can keep an email in the cookie but we  can't add any additional data to it, such as a username. Furthermore, it is not good practice to keep user data in Json Web Tokens since the payload of the data isn't encrypted yet only encoded. 

Ideally we would have a backend where we can call for instance `fn register(email string) string` function which would return to us a uuid4. We would create our auth tokens as usual as we've done in this chapter but using the uuid4 instead of email this time, and the backend would hold some data linked to the uuid of the user, such as their email. This also allows us to attach more pieces of data to the user that can be accessed or modified by the user. As such, in the next chapter we will create a backend for our application.

!!! annotations: It is not good practice to keep user data in jwt's
